Gitlab Tutorials: 3/6/2025
Github Account: Early 2020
Github Repo: https://github.com/Auxz/assignment2
1. Enumerating objects: 3, done.
Counting objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Delta compression using up to 12 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (2/2), done.
Writing objects: 100% (2/2), 222 bytes | 222.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 2 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0 (from 0)
2. 9 commits, I used git rev-list --count HEAD
3. README last modified 03/06 at 16:00 EST, I used command git log -1 --README.md
4. Branches are typically used so developers can work on new features or bug fixes without affecting the main code base.
They are also useful for allowing multiple people to work on different changes at the same time before
merging everything together.
5. Git log shows the commit history of the repository such as past commits or authors. Git status shows the status
of your working directory and staging area. 
6. git log -- Vehicle.h
7. git log --grep="file"
8. Inheritance is when one class derives from another class and "inherits" its data members and functions.
Polymorphism is the ability for the same function to perform differently depending on the context.
Encapsulation is bundling data and the methods that utilize said data inside a class, then restricting direct access
to internal functionality of that class by using access modifiers.
9. In the integration manager workflow, each developer pushes to their own public repo, and pulls from the central
repository. The integration manager is then responsible for resolving integration conflicts and merging
changes into the main project. In a dictators and lieutenants workflow, developers send their changes to lieutenants
who then merge and resolve conflicts, and then the dictator merges the lieutenants' changes and pushes to the central
repository.
10. With 100 developers, the dictator and lieutenants workflow scales much better as integration work is divided among
several lieutenants instea of forcing everyone to directly coordinate through a single shared repository. This helps
in reducing bottlenecks and lowers the amount of conflict that individual developers need to deal with. The centralized
workflow forces all developers to pull and resolve conflicts in one central repository which becomes very difficult
in a large team.